1. what all scripts you have written to automate - why you writen to monitore disk space -don't you have monitoring tools
2. what type of jobs you have created and which all plugins you used
3. explain stages of pipeline job
4. what are build tools you used -explain maven life cycle
5. build is failing in deployment what could be the reason
  ANS: check logs
6. have you worked on boto3
7. script to take jenkins backup and store it in s3
8. explain dockerfile
9. how you check java path and how you update java path
  ANS:can modify the .bashrc or .bash_profile file
  export JAVA_HOME=/path/to/java
  export PATH=$JAVA_HOME/bin:$PATH
  Temporary Update:
  export PATH=/path/to/java/bin:$PATH

10. explain modules in ansible and explain playbook to install application
11. do you have expierence on upgrading and patching, what level of patching and while tool your using and process
  ANS: yes 1. Application level 2. OS level
  Configuration Management tools like ansible

12. how frequently your writting terraform template
  ANS : I write Terraform templates as needed based on project requirements and infrastructure changes. The frequency can vary depending on the project workload 

13. write template to create aws loadbalancer I need working template
14. what type of application you are working
15. how many microservices are there
16. how microservices are deploying onto k8s any terraform template is there and explain yml files
17. how you are orchestraing k8s environment to environment 
  ANS: namespace
18. explain k8s architecture
19. how you are deleteing pods
  ANS:kubectl delete pod <pod-name>
20. how frequently your writing manifest files
21. how you configured promothus and grafana explain
22. eks configuration pre-requisites - which process you followed and tell commands you used for creation
  ANS:eksctl create cluster --name my-cluster --region us-west-2 --node-type t2.medium --nodes 2 --managed

23. have you configured RDS and explain process
24. have you worked on cost optimizaion project- how you do it
25. how you are checking vulunaribility 
26. how you achive multistage docker image

1. What type of cluster your using in your organization? How many cluster your maintaining in your organization
2. In 10 nodes I want to change 3 nodes as instance type t2 to t3 series. How can I change it ? where I have this option?
3. Explain how your going to setup & monitor your cluser step by step . Explain each process
4. What is the command to loggining into pod 
5. what is exec stands for
6. How you will allocate the metrix? 
7. Do you have any check in CICD?
8. Difference b/w play and playbook
  ANS: play represents a set of tasks 
9. Difference b/w resource & module in terraform 
10. I want to deploy 3 environment(dev,prod,test) using single module, how can I do that, how do you do this configuration?Explain
11. How you maintain secrets in Terraform what are the options you have
12. Difference b/w state file & log file
13. What is Lambda function
14. In route 53 what are the configurations are there 
15. What are the rules mention in s3 bucket which rule I need to select for static website
16. Write a IAM policy for s3 bucket ? What are the actions you will mention in it?
17. I have created resource using terraform. later I change terraform version  1.3 to 1.5 , I changed this value in all *.tf files. When I do terraform init          	and apply what happens? Weather it will change or if you will get error, what error you will get 
18. How you configure load balancer using route 53 
19. what is service account
20. I have s3 bucket in one region ang KMS in another region? 
21. How would you set up monitoring and logging using tools like Prometheus, Grafana and set up alerts for abnormal behavior?
  What are the things you monitor in grafana board 
22. How you connect 5 vpc ? 
23. In declerative pipeline I can write groovy script? can you write sample CICD for that?
24. In ansible I want to execute single task, how can I execute that 
Write ansible playbook
25. what is adhoc commands , tell me some adhoc commands
26. How do you declare variables in ansible, write sample ansible playbook for it
27. How do you clean up your EC2 instance.
28. How do you do clean up activity in K8s cluster. what are the things you will do
29. What is namespace & its uses.
30. I want to create a namespace and I want to restrict it for 4 persons. Others should not able to login for that namespace. How can I do that?
what is your roles and responsibility
Explain in CICD step by step
Branching strategy 
which tool you used for logging information in k8s
How are you seggregating the environment example I have dev,qa, prod. How would you differenciate I want to deploy on to the dev environment.
In pipeline after CI it is asking for any approval for deploy?
Explain the process of involved in migration from onpremise to aws?
Have you worked on Route 53, why it is route 53, why it is not called route 54 or 55?
what is MX record ? we use A record when we use CNAME record?
I have 2 EC2 instance running, there is a ALB before that. In this case which record you use to map your request to EC2 instance--> we use CNAME record
Explain about autoscaling group
There are 5 ec2 running, let say there are more traffic comming need to increase ec2 instance from 5 to 10. Based on what your ASG comes to know, that it has to increase the number of ec2 instance? 
what is the configuration we tell ASG to increase EC2 instance
I have an EC2 instance  running, I stop that ec2 instance and come back after 2 days and start it back , what will happen to the data?
When you use ALB and NLB?
what is sidecar?

Consider there is a issue with application, manager ask you to send logs? There are 100s of pods how you take logs of these pods ?which log tool guys are using ? How you share logs to the manager?
ANS:using grafana,we have to navigate to the relevant dashboard and find which pod is causing it and Use Prometheus queries 
   or Grafana's built-in querying capabilities to filter logs based on pod names, labels, namespaces, or specific time ranges.
   Once you've filtered the logs to include only those from the relevant pods, Grafana typically allows you to export logs. export logs for a specific time range and we share with manager using sharepoint or email or teams

I have 5 master node and 10 worker node. My master node crashes what happen to the worker node? what will happen to the running application?
What are private modules in terraform?
What is state locking in terraform?
we have terraform configuration that has no resources, if I execute the terraform apply command what will happen
there some resources created earlier using some terraform configuration file? If I go the configuration file and modify it I will all resources in the configuration file, now I perform terraform apply command what happens
Write a sample docker file 
Write a Deployment yml file?
Write a jenkin file to login to docker registry and push image to docker registry
Jenkins server is not running how do fix it, What are the linux commands you use , how do you fix it
