what type of application you are working
how many microservices are there
how microservices are deploying onto k8s any terraform template is there and explain yml files
how you are orchestraing k8s environment to environment 
 ANS: namespace
explain k8s architecture
how you are deleteing pods? ANS:kubectl delete pod <pod-name>
how frequently your writing manifest files
how you configured promothus and grafana explain
eks configuration pre-requisites - which process you followed and tell commands you used for creation
 ANS:eksctl create cluster --name my-cluster --region us-west-2 --node-type t2.medium --nodes 2 --managed
What type of cluster your using in your organization? How many cluster your maintaining in your organization
What is the command to loggining into pod 
How you will allocate the metrix? 
How would you set up monitoring and logging using tools like Prometheus, Grafana and set up alerts for abnormal behavior?
 What are the things you monitor in grafana board 
How do you do clean up activity in K8s cluster. what are the things you will do
What is namespace & its uses.
I want to create a namespace and I want to restrict it for 4 persons. Others should not able to login for that namespace. How can I do that?
which tool you used for logging information in k8s
what is sidecar?
ANS: additional container is deployed alongside a primary container within the same pod 
     A sidecar container can capture logs(collect metrics and monitoring data) generated by the primary container and 
     send them to monitoring systems like Prometheus.
Consider there is a issue with application, manager ask you to send logs? There are 100s of pods how you take logs of these pods ?which log tool guys are using ? How you share logs to the manager?
ANS:using grafana,we have to navigate to the relevant dashboard and find which pod is causing it and Use Prometheus queries  or Grafana's built-in querying capabilities to filter logs based on pod names, labels, namespaces, or specific time ranges.
 Once you've filtered the logs to include only those from the relevant pods, Grafana typically allows you to export logs. export logs for a specific time range and we share with manager using sharepoint or email or teams
Write a Deployment yml file?
what activities you do in k8s
explain about your cluster and application
how you created eks module using terraform
 which version of k8s using
I have to deploy 2 applications say app1 and app2 on k8s cluster what are kubernates objects files you will write and explain how routing happens and whre you provide request has to go  app1 
write all objects you have worked and explain what purpose you used
did you write manifest file for pod or deployment
how you created HPA
how you secure K8s
how you are login to cluster using service account or IAM roles
how you secure application
explain helm charts
given below 2 ingress files, how do you convert it into helm file
 what are all commands you use in helm
i want to deploy it into dev only how do you pass values related to dev only
how you configure helm
how you do rollback of application
worked on splunk or ELK
 what is static pod and who maintains
ANS:static pods in Kubernetes are managed directly by the kubelet daemon on each node and are typically used for critical system components
 The maintenance and configuration of static pods are the responsibility of the cluster administrators.
difference b/w secreat and configmap - can we pass secret in configmap 
different types of probes
Have you created EKS cluster in AWS? Explain the steps how do you create eks cluster
How sensitive data is handled in Kubernetes
How was your micro-services organized in kubernetes/containers
What is master and cluster nodes in kubernetes?
Describe configmaps and how secrets are handled in kubernetes?
I need to delete a pod, what approach do you follow?
explain k8's architeture?
explain cluster architecture
explain pod life cycle?
why do we need pod?
how do you manage the secrets in k8's?
explain the componenets of kubernetes?
explain the claster architecture
when pod is running when a high traffic comes in anew pod is created how it is created explain?
when a user hit the url? the user is getting navigated to respective pod/container how that flow goes? 
what is kubernetes load balancer
How do you check crashloopback error
Write deployment manifest file Including the deployment strategy
How do you check crashloopback error and identify the cause of it
How do you scale if the number of microservices increases
How do you choose a deployment strategy take an example of canary and rolling update in which scenario you go for canary and in which scenario you go for rolling update
Write a daemonset manifest
How to upgrade the cluster to the latest version what is your approach
What is the use of daemonset. Suppose I want to create multiple replicas how to modify the daemonset
How did you manage releases using helm. How was helm used in your project.
You have made a kubernetes deployment and the deployment failed for some reason how do you troubleshoot it.
How do you ensure your Jenkins deployment deployed to the right environment of Kubernetes(suppose you have dev, QA, pre-prod and prod environments)
How did you integrate grafana in your project
The answer you said is more on the ops end for grafana, have you worked on any real time tracking and gathering the data to show the dashboard?
How were you passing environment variables to kubernetes via your Jenkins
What are the different metrics you were monitoring via prometheus-Grafana
What is helm template. How were you using helm for release management
How did you break monolithic application to micro services what was the strategy involved. How your containers were managed
What is Kafka and where was it predominantly used in your project.( Later understood they also work on Kafka)
Suppose your microservices are increasing, how do you scale horizontal or vertical
Suppose an already created cluster is having performance issues, how do you troubleshoot it and optimize it
How did you convince your management to go with Kafka bus? Did you give your design views or followed your architects instruction
What is nodeselector in K8s
what kind of error u get in K8s
why we get oomkilled error in K8s . How you will resolve this
What is stateful set?
which tool you used for logging information in k8s
The organization wants to adopt a hybrid cloud strategy running k8 cluster both on permises, cloud and public cloud
how would you design a k8's deplyment architecture that expand multiple environment by ensuring consistency operative availability and data synchronization such as hybrid cloud networking goal that has reduandancy and security
organization has legacy application that need to be modernized and migrated to k8's for improve agility, scalability and efficiency
how would you approach application modernization including synchronization, microservices, decomposition and k8's related deplymen has best practices and discuss strategy for legacy application for asynchronization and synchrnization tool k8's migration pattern and effective efficiency.
the organization uses the orcestration platform like k8's / docker swarm to manage containerised work load 
working on a project where multiple team are collaborating different microservices but need to communicate with each other how would you design networking architecture to communicate with each other
difference between sidecar and init container
 ANS: they serve different purposes and operate at different stages of the container lifecycle:
  Sidecar Container:A sidecar container runs alongside the primary container within the same pod and provides additional capabilities or services 
  to the primary container without altering its core functionality.
  mainly for Logging, monitoring, security enforcement
  Runs concurrently with the primary container and shares the same lifecycle. It starts and stops along with the primary container.
 Init Container:is run before the primary container starts, and its purpose is to perform initialization tasks or
   prepare the environment for the primary container.
   mainly for configuration files, downloading dependencies
Helper Container (Generic Term) it refers to both init and sidecar
how does company shift from monolithic to microservices and how can they club kuvernetes into it?
how were you passing environmentvariable in k8?
different types of services in k8
what is diference docker swarm and kubernetes?
what are the services available in k8?
Difference between ClusterIp and NodePort?
Types of monitoring tools to monitor docker/K8s
What is daemonset.I want to create multiple replicas how you modify the daemonset
Type of K8s setup used to host database
how to deploy the app in different environment like dev ,QA, Prod?
How your microservices were accessed by the end user externally
How do you monitor the eks cluster. What are the tools involved
What is helm, how was it used in your project
How did you configure grafana and Prometheus for monitoring

