how frequently your writting terraform template
  ANS : I write Terraform templates as needed based on project requirements and infrastructure changes. The frequency can vary depending on the project workload
write template to create aws loadbalancer I need working template
Difference b/w resource & module in terraform 
I want to deploy 3 environment(dev,prod,test) using single module, how can I do that, how do you do this configuration?Explain
How you maintain secrets in Terraform what are the options you have
Difference b/w state file & log file
I have created resource using terraform. later I change terraform version  1.3 to 1.5 , I changed this value in all *.tf files. When I do terraform init          	
and apply what happens? Weather it will change or if you will get error, what error you will get 

What are private modules in terraform?
What is state locking in terraform?
we have terraform configuration that has no resources, if I execute the terraform apply command what will happen
there some resources created earlier using some terraform configuration file? If I go the configuration file and modify it I will all resources in the configuration file, now I perform terraform apply command what happens
what are all the frenquntly resources you created in terraform
share screen and open notepad - create terraform module of instance and create instance using module
explain terraform pipeline
how you manage multiple envs
one person created ec2 instance in console, how you manage this instance, importing steps
created ec2 instance with t2.micro but one person from management changed it to t2.medium for some upgarding activity , i don't want this to be detected by terraform is it possible  be default it will detect when we do plan or apply i don't terraform to detect this is there is any option?
how you manage state file? how do you manage creadentials for different envs?
What is Modules in terraform ->When there are modules available in registry why did you choose writing custom modules
Write/brief about a terraform module to provision an infra of your choice
explain terraform life cycle
what information details will state file contains?
what if we lost the state file can we generate back?
explain terraform backend?
how frequently your writting terraform template
why do you use state file ? how the state file configuration is done? why do you keep state file?
Explain the state locking and why do you use?	
write a terraform to create a ec2 instance and change the default ip to ellastic ip?
Suppose two persons change the terraform file and apply their changes what would happen, how do you prevent such a thing from happening
What is the backend you used for terraform, could you write your backend config - for this he was interested in the Dynamo db table
Where did you keep your state files
Where were your terraform scripts stored at
Explain terraform workflow
What are private modules in terraform?
What is state locking in terraform?
we have terraform configuration that has no resources, if I execute the terraform apply command what will happen
there some resources created earlier using some terraform configuration file? If I go the configuration file and modify it I will all resources in the configuration file, now I perform terraform apply command what happens
company is emprasing infrastructure as code to automate provisioning and configuraing along application delployment how would you integrate the tool like terraform/ aws with ci/cd pipeline to provision nd manage with app deployment discuss strategy of versioning nd testing orcestrating infrastructure resources changes.
what do you mean by terragrunt in terraform


