explain ci cd pipeline? what are the challenges faced in CI CI pipeline?
explain ebs and efs?
explain branching startegy?
how hotfix branch works with example?
why do you use state file ? how the state file configuration is done? why do you keep state file?
Explain the state locking and why do you use?
explain the componenets of kubernetes?
write a terraform to create a ec2 instance and change the default ip to ellastic ip?
explain the claster architecture
when pod is running when a high traffic comes in anew pod is created how it is created explain?
how do you optimize docker images for size
when a user hit the url? the user is getting navigated to respective pod/container how that flow goes? 
what is kubernetes load balancer
what is init container and when you use that?
How do you check crashloopback error
1. Write deployment manifest file Including the deployment strategy
2. How do you check crashloopback error and identify the cause of it
3. How do you scale if the number of microservices increases
4. Suppose two persons change the terraform file and apply their changes what would happen, how do you prevent such a thing from happening
5. A developer does some wrong changes but he hasn't committed his changes, what are the steps he would perform to rectify it
6. Where to find Linux debug logs
7. Are you aware of what SID, gid could you explain
8. Explain you CI/CD pipeline
9. Are you aware of Amazon code pipeline
10. You have EBS in one region, how do you take a backup to another region
11. What are the commands you are aware of to check the Linux machine performance
13. How many Target host you have managed via ansible
14. Explain ansible facts
15. Explain server provisioning+configurationanagement you used in your project
What is the backend you used for terraform, could you write your backend config - for this he was interested in the Dynamo db table
17. What do you understand when a file has permission 0774
18.What are the cost optimization steps you have taken for your AWS services
git:
1. How do you decide a branching strategy. What are the different branching strategies you are aware of
2. diff between git revert and git reset
Jenkins:
1. Share your screen and write your CI CD pipeline
2. Suppose you want to upgrade Jenkins, without having downtime how do you do that.
3. How do you take Jenkins backup, where do you store the backup, how frequently you used to take back up. How the backup scripts used to get triggered
Terraform:
1. Where did you keep your state files
2. Was there any scenario where you had to load from a S3 backup. How did you do that
3. Where were your terraform scripts stored at
Ansible:
1. Write an ansible playbook to install a software
AWS:
1. Difference between ALB and NLB
2. WAF, ACL and NACL how do you configure that 
3. Calculate CIDR for a given range
4. What is ARM and it's benefits. Mainly was expecting the use case
5. Have you used codeguru, cloud formation templates, code pipeline what is the difference between these
6. How do you control traffic spikes to your service 
Kubernetes:
1. How do you choose a deployment strategy take an example of canary and rolling update in which scenario you go for canary and in which scenario you go for rolling update
2. Write a daemonset manifest
3. Write deployment manifest
4. How to upgrade the cluster to the latest version what is your approach
DevSecops:
1. What is your understanding of DevSecops why people are more tending towards it
2. What is Black Duck
Python:
1. What is your proficiency in python 
2. Write a logic to check whether two strings are anagram
