AWS:
1. What are the AWS services you are aware of
2. What are the resources and metrics which were monitored using cloud watch
3. What are the networking concepts you are aware of. What is the use of a transit gateway
4. Suppose you have multiple accounts how do you establish communication between VPC's using transit gateway in that case
5. EKS cluster architecture created using cloud
Kubernetes:
1. What is the use of daemonset. Suppose I want to create multiple replicas how to modify the daemonset
2. How did you manage releases using helm. How was helm used in your project.
3. You have made a kubernetes deployment and the deployment failed for some reason how do you troubleshoot it.
4. How do you ensure your Jenkins deployment deployed to the right environment of Kubernetes(suppose you have dev, QA, pre-prod and prod environments)
5. How did you create your kubernetes cluster using IAC, explain the steps involved
6. What is your understanding about ArgoCD.
Management:
1. I see you working on various roles, how come you were promoted as a Devops manager how did this transition happen
2. How did you integrate grafana in your project
3. The answer you said is more on the ops end for grafana, have you worked on any real time tracking and gathering the data to show the dashboard?
4. What is a rail transit system, I don't know anything about it, help me to understand and explain interms of a layman..
5. The same for powersystem project which I had worked for
6. What are the cybersecurity principles you are aware of
7. How do you segregate your activities technically as well as from people management? What is the percentage you work technically and what is the percentage you manage people
8. How did you give constructive feedback to your reportees and how the disagreement was solved?
9. Have you fired anyone?
10. What is the architectural change you proposed and how was it handled and presented to the relevant srakeholders

1. What is the deployment strategy you are aware of
2. Why did you choose canary deployment 
3. What is blue green deployment strategy 
4. How were the different environments managed via Jenkins pipelines
5. How were you passing environment variables to kubernetes via your Jenkins
6. What are the different metrics you were monitoring via prometheus-Grafana
7. What is helm template. How were you using helm for release management
8. How did you break monolithic application to micro services what was the strategy involved. How your containers were managed
9. What is Kafka and where was it predominantly used in your project.( Later understood they also work on Kafka)
10. Explain your Jenkins CI/CD. As you deal with customer how was the complex application shipped and deployed to your customer
11. What are the different metrics which can be gathered via cloudfront
