Write a shell script service
Diff b/z git pull & clone
Explain the process of PR[pull request]
Diff b/w ADD & COPY 
How will you create a secret 
What is nodeselector in K8s
what kind of error u get in K8s
why we get oomkilled error in K8s . How you will resolve this
What kinds of EC2 instances are there in AWS
Explain s3 lifecycle & its policy
Difference b/w security group & NACL
Explain terraform workflow
What is Deamonset why we use Deamonset?
What is stateful set?

what is your roles and responsibility
Explain in CICD step by step
Branching strategy 
which tool you used for logging information in k8s
How are you seggregating the environment example I have dev,qa, prod. How would you differenciate I want to deploy on to the dev environment.
In pipeline after CI it is asking for any approval for deploy?
Explain the process of involved in migration from onpremise to aws?
Have you worked on Route 53, why it is route 53, why it is not called route 54 or 55?
what is MX record ? we use A record when we use CNAME record?
I have 2 EC2 instance running, there is a ALB before that. In this case which record you use to map your request to EC2 instance--> we use CNAME record
Explain about autoscaling group
There are 5 ec2 running, let say there are more traffic comming need to increase ec2 instance from 5 to 10. Based on what your ASG comes to know, that it has to increase the number of ec2 instance? 
what is the configuration we tell ASG to increase EC2 instance
I have an EC2 instance  running, I stop that ec2 instance and come back after 2 days and start it back , what will happen to the data?
When you use ALB and NLB?
what is sidecar?
Consider there is a issue with application, manager ask you to send logs? There are 100s of pods how you take logs of these pods ?which log tool guys are using ? How you share logs to the manager?
I have 5 master node and 10 worker node. My master node crashes what happen to the worker node? what will happen to the running application?
What are private modules in terraform?
What is state locking in terraform?
we have terraform configuration that has no resources, if I execute the terraform apply command what will happen
there some resources created earlier using some terraform configuration file? If I go the configuration file and modify it I will all resources in the configuration file, now I perform terraform apply command what happens
Write a sample docker file 
Write a Deployment yml file?
Write a jenkin file to login to docker registry and push image to docker registry
Jenkins server is not running how do fix it, What are the linux commands you use , how do you fix it
