1. Introduction
2.describe recent issue you faced and your contribution you maid to fixed that issue ?
3.tell me what was the cause for that issue and wat is the resolution you took to fix that issue?
4.security is paramount concern when using docker container in production environment how would you design 
and impliment the comprehensive security strategy for dockerised obrevation and discuss the technique for 
security container  runtime security, network segmentation, and vulnarability scanning, access control
and profile quality
5. what are the monitoring tool available
6. monitoring and login are essentialand diagnozing issues in dockerised importance how would design a monitoring 
and logging solution that provide inside into container help a reource utilization and application performance
discuss the tools and details for collecting container matrix agregating log setting up alerts and provisioning issues
7. The organization wants to adopt a hybrid cloud strategy running k8 cluster both on permises, cloud and public cloud
how would you design a k8's deplyment architecture that expand multiple environment by ensuring consistency operative availability
and data synchronization such as hybrid cloud networking goal that has reduandancy and security
8. tell me about consideration such as hybrid cloud, networking, work-load probability 
9.organization has legacy application that need to be modernized and migrated to k8's for improve agility, scalability and efficiency
how would you approach application modernization including synchronization, microservices, decomposition and k8's related deplymen has 
best practices and discuss strategy for legacy application for asynchronization and synchrnization tool k8's migration pattern 
nd effective efficiency.
10. discuss r abnormal condition is critical for proactive maintainance how would you design shell script for monitor system resource, 
check service availability,and generate  altert based on predefined condition discuss technique for implementing cron jobs sending
notification and integarting the monitoring system like promothesis
11. the organization uses the orcestration platform like k8's / docker swarm to manage containerised work load 
how would you design shell script to interact with these platform nd deploy appln scales services and performance rolling update
discuss technique interact with api and managing configuration file and integrating with container registory
12. organization wants to adopt a multi cloud strategy to laverage the 
13. strength of different load providers how would you design deployment archi that span aws azure while ensuring data consistency
and cost obrevation. discuss abbrevation such as work load probability, network connectivity and deployment orchestration
14. optimizing cost is essential in cloud env where the resources are allocated where on demand how woild you design optimization 
strategy that laverage cloud services like aws, cost exploror, azure cost management cost calculator to identify cost drivers, optimization
resouce usage and cost saving.
15. your team has task with implimenting CI/CD pipeline for a new apex module how would you design nd configure pipeline to ensure
 seamless integration nd deplyment of the module.
16. company is emprasing infrastructure as code to automate provisioning and configuraing along application delployment how would you integrate
the tool like terraform/ aws with ci/cd pipeline to provision nd manage with app deployment discuss strategy of versioning nd testing orcestrating
infrastructure resources changes.
17. working on a project where multiple team are collaborating different microservices but need to communicate with each other how would you design 
networking architecture to communicate with each other
