1. aws services you have worked
2. write script to turn of aws ec2 instances at 5pm and turn on in morning 8am everyday
3. write script to delete all empty files under a directory 
4. what do you mean by terragrunt in terraform
5. what is dry?
ANS: DRY stands for "Don't Repeat Yourself," which is a software development principle aimed at reducing repetition of code and promoting code reusability
6. different types for remote backend u have used
7. how can you setup jenkins job process
8. explain about shared library in jenkins
9. explain about static and dynamic inventory 
10. how will you deploy file to minion of other minion
ANS: using ansible copy module
11. write python script "hello world" how many times each charaters are there in string without builtin functions 
12. differnce b/w softlink and hardlink
13. how to figure out which crone job chokes up your system in linux and describe process to fix it (how do you identify which crone job is responsible for which process)
ANS:/var/log/cron
14. explain how you handle exception in jenkin pipeline
15. difference alb and elb
16. use of WAF and rate limiting
ANS: WAF is a security solution that monitors, filters, and blocks HTTP traffic to and from a web application based on a set of predefined security rules
     Rate limiting is a technique used to control the rate of incoming requests to a web application or
     API by imposing limits on the number of requests that can be made within a certain period of time.
17. which senario you choose ingress, egress vs alb and why
ANS: Ingress controllers are used to manage inbound traffic to services within a Kubernetes cluster
     egress controllers manage outbound traffic from services to external destinations.
     AWS, ALB may be a preferable option due to its ease of use, seamless integration with AWS services, and cost-effectiveness
18. how ingress different from gateway
ANS:Ingress operates at Layer 7 (application layer) of the OSI model
    Layer: Gateway operates at Layer 4 (transport layer) of the OSI model.
19. what is auto scaling and policies of it
 ANS: Auto scaling automatically adjusts the number of instances in response to changes in demand or workload.
Scaling Policies: Scale-Up, Scale-Down, 
